Should we be sewoya basically strengthen your heart when you exercise
It's possible
I think the basic posture is very important in table tennis,
I think that's the kind of attitude that makes our center strong.
There are three central axes in our body.
Lee crashed coming in his neck in neck
Neck muscles connect the head and the upper body.
Depending on the movement,
It's the history of a chest that balances the body .
And the other one, our center of gravity is on the side of the dagoon below 100 books.
From the overall center of gravity center of gravity center of gravity, but its rear side, the waist
This waist vertebra plays a very important role in supporting the entire upper body
I will
And there is another part, the bones of the bone, the lower body and upper body
Connect to giving
There are three axes that balance my body.
We have to make these three axes cool.
In other words ,
Strengthen and reinforce the tyrants and back muscles that can lay the waist down
And this tag , Mrs. Joint, will fire the thigh of this
It is very important to strengthen these three central axes by strengthening them .
But we can do this through the sewojul I exercise daily, but
There are also ways in which we can exercise in life, let me first
When do we feed my neck forward mosquitoes attention to the great number of muscles in the neck
And it gives me a commission.
Join the blessed Nas tower
If you see a distant place and you can see far and comes carried in public
When I go down to the part of the hand looks
So , because I'm in a state of spitting eyes,
The first time we match the balance that balances our body
The snow.
Basing the neck is tightened to secure the chin to the eye
Let's go to the second , we shoulder the shoulders and cover the chest
If so
And we have 2
It is so tightened the two arms and a Tighten your arms back to the inside
This will return the next location and 3
And bowed slightly at the waist in this state,
And the party in the state that gave strength is the kitchen where we should ever sleep May
In a tight nose that had
Spit it out. So when you drank ,
And the worst is when you spit the 200 family, including the family of Bucheon rest
About
And this is the last time we say movement as a system.
This was the second pulley when tightening the river to drink a deep breath when you breathe
When we exercise, our body center becomes quite solid.
If you do not walk and walk with your shoulders and your jaws in this state
We are very good and comfortable, the body itself is comfortable
This effectively serves to build up the bones of this spine
I use this posture and apply the basic posture of the application .
I think this posture is developed material
When yonom this state of taking the position e to give thus tightened to the side
naturally
Make forehand drive backswing
So huge, so I made in the state in everyday life
When we sit down, do not just sit down.
And in the state of gathering to have legs, this side also tightens this state
Car
When you do your work, your body becomes very relaxed .
If you do a double-breasted breathing exercise or a Kegel exercise ,
You will feel that getting Qingdao
I want to become a table tennis or through our bodies healthy
That's our Armed Forces have stood the central axis because the purpose of the best sport for
When
The top part is getting better and the health of our body is also good.
This is not a state in the shower between the primary characters are just completely defendant shoulder
Raise the chin and hold the state
I think maintaining this state is the main place for table tennis.